Oct week3 (#180)
Open-Attestation/documentation-website: website/docs/integrator-section/transferable-record/issuing-transferable-record.md

You will require the following:

- token registry address
- private key to token registry (`key.txt`)
- merkle root of the wrapped transferable record
- beneficiary and holder wallet addresses

## Issuing the transferable record

In the example, we will use 0x6FFeD6E6591b808130a9b248fEA32101b5220eca as beneficiary and holder. You will need to replace this value with a wallet address you control, to be able to perform different actions on the transferable records later.

To issue the transferable record, replace the following values:

- `0x8431012Bc040942B59e3C5bf428221eab0b2f723` with your token registry contract address
- `0x0d9839a8034cb783d98bd57bcbaafb4dc3614c4193d2edf8a655c1ec6635b7ea` with your merkle root (with a `0x` prefix)
- `0x6FFeD6E6591b808130a9b248fEA32101b5220eca` with your beneficiary and holder addresses

Then run the command:

```sh
open-attestation token-registry issue -a 0x8431012Bc040942B59e3C5bf428221eab0b2f723 --tokenId 0x0d9839a8034cb783d98bd57bcbaafb4dc3614c4193d2edf8a655c1ec6635b7ea --beneficiary 0x6FFeD6E6591b808130a9b248fEA32101b5220eca --holder 0x6FFeD6E6591b808130a9b248fEA32101b5220eca -n sepolia -f key.txt
```

> >**Note:** In this tutorial, we use the same beneficiary and holder address for demonstration purpose. You can specify different wallet addresses for the beneficiary and holder if they are two different entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** In this tutorial, we use the same beneficiary and holder addresses for demonstration purposes. You can specify different wallet addresses for the beneficiary and holder if they are two different entities.
```

Author: "purpose" is changed to "purposes".
For the same "address", I guess it should stay as the singular form instead of plural, 
because there's only one address
